the illegal settlement of theta of
elites in the occupied West Bank work on
these new homes began before Israel
announced its 10 months freeze so the
project is going ahead and most of the
workers building these homes for Jews
are Palestinians what else Allah is one
of them
he lives in Bethlehem and has six
children he's not proud of building
settlements on occupied Palestinian land
but he says he has no choice the Peabody
land if the Palestinian Authority would
give us other work opportunities no one
would carry the tools and come to work
here people work here because they need
to make a living and for many of us
there is no alternate an Israeli
construction company is in charge of
this project but it has Palestinian
subcontractors to take care of the work
like Ahmad no Joshua
despite being Palestinian he says he is
against the settlement freeze - in Asia
we will not be able to survive if they
stop building settlements besides I
don't think settlements have an impact
of making peace
the land is already been taken so what's
the point of stopping the settlements
this is just one of the many ironies
facing the Palestinian people a measure
that's supposed to promote peace talks
ends up hurting the livelihood of
individual Palestinian families
officially there are about 22,000
Palestinian workers in the settlements
but the real figure is much higher since
many are working without permits from
the Israelis that makes them
particularly vulnerable the world cars
didn't have
healthy environment they don't have
protective clauses there are many
accidents work accidents because workers
working in the in high buildings they
fall down so cynicism and resignation on
construction sites across the West Bank
the Palestinians would prefer not to be
building settlements that swallow up
their land but principals are one thing
and feeding a family is a different
matter
Jackie Rowland al-jazeera in the
occupied West Bank